---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "saviynt_privilege_datasource Data Source - saviynt"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Retrieve privileges for a given endpoint and other filters
---

# saviynt_privilege_datasource (Data Source)

Retrieve privileges for a given endpoint and other filters

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Copyright (c) 2025 Saviynt Inc.
// SPDX-License-Identifier: MPL-2.0

data "saviynt_privilege_datasource" "test" {
  // Required
  authenticate = true
  endpoint     = "sample_endpoint"

  // optional
  entitlement_type = "sample_ent_type"
  max              = "2"
  offset           = "3"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `authenticate` (Boolean) If false, do not store sensitive attributes in state
- `endpoint` (String) The name of the endpoint to query.

### Optional

- `entitlement_type` (String) The name of the entitlement type to query.
- `max` (String) Maximum number of privileges to retrieve.
- `offset` (String) Pagination offset for retrieving privileges.

### Read-Only

- `display_count` (Number) The number of records returned in the response.
- `error_code` (String) Error code returned by the API, if any.
- `msg` (String) Response message returned by the API.
- `privileges_list` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--privileges_list))
- `total_count` (Number) The total number of privileges available.

<a id="nestedatt--privileges_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `privileges_list`

Optional:

- `hide_on_create` (Boolean) Hide on create

Read-Only:

- `action_string` (String) Action string
- `attribute_config` (String) Configuration type for the attribute
- `attribute_group` (String) Attribute group
- `attribute_name` (String) Attribute name for the privilege
- `attribute_type` (String) Type of the attribute/privilege
- `child_action` (String) Child action
- `default_value` (String) Default value for the privilege
- `description` (String) Description for the privilege
- `hide_on_update` (Boolean) Hide on update
- `label` (String) Label for the privilege
- `order_index` (String) Order index
- `parent_attribute` (String) Parent attribute for the given privilege
- `requestable` (Boolean) Is requestable
- `required` (Boolean) Is required
