# Go API client for roles

API for managing roles in Saviynt.

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.14.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```sh
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```go
import roles "github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```go
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `roles.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), roles.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `roles.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), roles.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `roles.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `roles.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), roles.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), roles.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost:3000*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*RolesAPI* | [**Addrole**](docs/RolesAPI.md#addrole) | **Post** /ECM/api/v5/addrole | This API adds role to user.
*RolesAPI* | [**CreateEnterpriseRoleRequest**](docs/RolesAPI.md#createenterpriserolerequest) | **Post** /ECM/api/v5/createEnterpriseRoleRequest | This API call can be used for creating a new role and assigning an owner to the role
*RolesAPI* | [**GetFireFighterRoles**](docs/RolesAPI.md#getfirefighterroles) | **Post** /ECM/api/v5/getFireFighterRoles | Get FireFighter Roles
*RolesAPI* | [**GetRoles**](docs/RolesAPI.md#getroles) | **Post** /ECM/api/v5/getRoles | This API can be used to get the list of all the roles
*RolesAPI* | [**Removerole**](docs/RolesAPI.md#removerole) | **Post** /ECM/api/v5/removerole | This API removes role from user.
*RolesAPI* | [**UpdateEnterpriseRoleRequest**](docs/RolesAPI.md#updateenterpriserolerequest) | **Post** /ECM/api/v5/updateEnterpriseRoleRequest | This API call can be used for creating a new role and assigning an owner to the role


## Documentation For Models

 - [AddOrRemoveRoleRequest](docs/AddOrRemoveRoleRequest.md)
 - [AddOrRemoveRoleResponse](docs/AddOrRemoveRoleResponse.md)
 - [CreateEnterpriseRoleRequest](docs/CreateEnterpriseRoleRequest.md)
 - [CreateEnterpriseRoleResponse](docs/CreateEnterpriseRoleResponse.md)
 - [CreateRoleOwnerPayload](docs/CreateRoleOwnerPayload.md)
 - [GetEntitlementDetailsResponse](docs/GetEntitlementDetailsResponse.md)
 - [GetFireFighterRole](docs/GetFireFighterRole.md)
 - [GetRoleDetailsResponse](docs/GetRoleDetailsResponse.md)
 - [GetRoleDetailsResponseOwner](docs/GetRoleDetailsResponseOwner.md)
 - [GetRoleDetailsResponseUserDetailsInner](docs/GetRoleDetailsResponseUserDetailsInner.md)
 - [GetRoleDetailsResponseVersion](docs/GetRoleDetailsResponseVersion.md)
 - [GetRoleOwnersResponse](docs/GetRoleOwnersResponse.md)
 - [GetRolesRequest](docs/GetRolesRequest.md)
 - [GetRolesResponse](docs/GetRolesResponse.md)
 - [GetUserDetailsResponse](docs/GetUserDetailsResponse.md)
 - [RoleUserAccount](docs/RoleUserAccount.md)
 - [UpdateChildRolePayload](docs/UpdateChildRolePayload.md)
 - [UpdateEnterpriseRoleRequest](docs/UpdateEnterpriseRoleRequest.md)
 - [UpdateEnterpriseRoleResponse](docs/UpdateEnterpriseRoleResponse.md)
 - [UpdateEntitlementPayload](docs/UpdateEntitlementPayload.md)
 - [UpdateRoleOwnerPayload](docs/UpdateRoleOwnerPayload.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author



