---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "saviynt_adsi_connection_resource Resource - saviynt"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create and Manage Connections
---

# saviynt_adsi_connection_resource (Resource)

Create and Manage Connections

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "saviynt_adsi_connection_resource" "sample" {
  connection_type = "ADSI"
  connection_name = "sample_connector"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connection_name` (String) Name of the connection. Example: "Active Directory_Doc"
- `connection_type` (String) Connection type (e.g., 'AD' for Active Directory). Example: "AD"
- `connection_url` (String) ADSI remote agent Connection URL
- `forestlist` (String) Forest List (Comma Separated) which we need to manage
- `password` (String) Service account password
- `url` (String) Primary/root domain URL list (comma Separated)
- `username` (String) Service account username

### Optional

- `account_attribute` (String) Map EIC and AD attributes for account import (AD attributes must be in lower case)
- `accountnamerule` (String) Rule to generate account name.
- `addaccessentitlementjson` (String) Configuration to Add nested group hierarchy
- `addaccessjson` (String) Configuration to ADD Access (cross domain/forest group membership) to an account.
- `checkforunique` (String) Evaluate the uniqueness of an attribute
- `createaccountjson` (String) Specify the attributes values which will be used to Create the New Account.
- `creategroupjson` (String) Configuration to Create a Group
- `createserviceaccountjson` (String) Specify the Field Value which will be used to Create the New Service Account.
- `customconfigjson` (String) Custom configuration JSON
- `default_user_role` (String) Default SAV Role to be assigned to all the new users that gets imported via User Import
- `defaultsavroles` (String) Default SAV roles for managing the connection. Example: "ROLE_ORG"
- `description` (String) Description for the connection. Example: "ORG_AD"
- `disableaccountjson` (String) Specify the actions and attributes updates to be performed for disabling an account.
- `email_template` (String) Email template for notifications. Example: "New Account Task Creation"
- `enableaccountjson` (String) Specify the actions and attribute updates to be performed for enabling an account.
- `endpoints_filter` (String) Provide the configuration to create Child Endpoints and import associated accounts and entitlements
- `entitlement_attribute` (String) Account attribute that contains group membership
- `error_code` (String) An error code where '0' signifies success and '1' signifies an unsuccessful operation.
- `group_import_mapping` (String) Map AD group attribute to EIC entitlement attribute for import
- `group_search_base_dn` (String) Group Search Filter to specify the starting point of the directory from where the groups needs to be imported. You can have multiple BaseDNs here separated by ###.
- `import_nested_membership` (String) Specify if you want the connector to import all indirect or nested membership of an account or a group during access import
- `modifyuserdatajson` (String) Specify this parameter to transform the data during user import.
- `msg` (String) A message indicating the outcome of the operation.
- `objectfilter` (String) Object Filter is used to filter the objects that will be returned.This filter will be same for all domains.
- `page_size` (String) Page size defines the number of objects to be returned from each AD operation.
- `pam_config` (String) JSON to specify Bootstrap Config.
- `provisioning_url` (String) ADSI remote agent Provisioning URL
- `removeaccessentitlementjson` (String) Configuration to Remove nested group hierarchy
- `removeaccessjson` (String) Configuration to REMOVE Access (cross domain/forest group membership) to an account.
- `removeaccountjson` (String) Specify the actions to be performed for deleting an account.
- `removegroupjson` (String) Configuration to Delete a Group
- `removeserviceaccountjson` (String) Specify the actions to be performed while deleting a service account.
- `resetandchangepasswrdjson` (String) Configuration to Reset and Change Password.
- `result` (String) The result of the API call.
- `save_in_vault` (String) Flag indicating whether the encrypted attribute should be saved in the configured vault. Example: "false"
- `searchfilter` (String) Account Search Filter to specify the starting point of the directory from where the accounts needs to be imported. You can have multiple BaseDNs here separated by ###.
- `status_threshold_config` (String) Account status and threshold related config
- `statuskeyjson` (String) JSON configuration to specify Users status
- `updateaccountjson` (String) Specify the attributes values which will be used to Update existing Account.
- `updategroupjson` (String) Configuration to Update a Group
- `updateserviceaccountjson` (String) Specify the Field Value which will be used to update the existing Service Account.
- `updateuserjson` (String) Specify the attribute Value which will be used to Update existing User
- `user_attribute` (String) Map EIC and AD attributes for user import (AD attributes must be in lower case)
- `vault_configuration` (String) JSON string specifying vault configuration. Example: '{"path":"/secrets/data/kv-dev-intgn1/-AD_Credential","keyMapping":{"PASSWORD":"AD_PASSWORD~#~None"}}'
- `vault_connection` (String) Specifies the type of vault connection being used (e.g., 'Hashicorp'). Example: "Hashicorp"

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Resource ID.
