---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "saviynt_entitlement_type_resource Resource - saviynt"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create and manage entitlement types in Saviynt
---

# saviynt_entitlement_type_resource (Resource)

Create and manage entitlement types in Saviynt

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Copyright (c) 2025 Saviynt Inc.
// SPDX-License-Identifier: MPL-2.0

resource "saviynt_entitlement_type_resource" "example" {
  # Required attributes
  entitlement_name = "example_ent_type"
  endpoint_name    = "example_endpoint"

  # Optional attributes
  display_name                      = "Test Entitlement Type"
  entitlement_description           = "This is a test entitlement type for demonstration"
  workflow                          = "Autoapprovalwf"
  enable_entitlement_to_role_sync   = true
  available_query_service_account   = "TestServiceAccount"
  selected_query_service_account    = "TestServiceAccount"
  ars_requestable_entitlement_query = "SELECT * FROM entitlements WHERE requestable = 1"
  ars_selected_entitlement_query    = "SELECT * FROM entitlements WHERE selected = 1"
  certifiable                       = true
  create_task_action                = ["enableRollback", "removeTaskForExistingEntitlements"]
  request_dates_conf_json = jsonencode({
    "startDate" : true,
    "endDate" : true,
    "justification" : true
  })
  order_index                    = 1
  required_in_request            = true
  required_in_service_request    = true
  hierarchy_required             = "0"
  show_ent_type_on               = "1"
  enable_provisioning_priority   = false
  request_option                 = "FREEFORMTEXT"
  recon                          = true
  exclude_rule_assgn_ents_in_req = true

  start_date_in_revoke_request            = "false"
  start_end_date_in_request               = "true"
  allow_remove_all_entitlement_in_request = "false"

  custom_property1 = "Custom Property 1 Value"
  custom_property2 = "Custom Property 2 Value"
  custom_property3 = "Custom Property 3 Value"
  custom_property4 = "Custom Property 4 Value"
  custom_property5 = "Custom Property 5 Value"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `endpoint_name` (String) Name of the endpoint with which the entitlement type is associated.
- `entitlement_name` (String) Name of the entitlement type.

### Optional

- `allow_remove_all_entitlement_in_request` (String) Allow user to remove all entitlements in one request.
- `ars_requestable_entitlement_query` (String) Query used to determine requestable entitlements.
- `ars_selected_entitlement_query` (String) Query used to determine selected entitlements.
- `available_query_service_account` (String) Query to fetch available service accounts.
- `certifiable` (Boolean) Indicates if the entitlement is certifiable.
- `create_task_action` (Set of String) Action(s) to be performed when a task is created.
- `custom_property1` (String) Custom property 1 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property10` (String) Custom property 10 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property11` (String) Custom property 11 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property12` (String) Custom property 12 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property13` (String) Custom property 13 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property14` (String) Custom property 14 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property15` (String) Custom property 15 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property16` (String) Custom property 16 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property17` (String) Custom property 17 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property18` (String) Custom property 18 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property19` (String) Custom property 19 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property2` (String) Custom property 2 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property20` (String) Custom property 20 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property21` (String) Custom property 21 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property22` (String) Custom property 22 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property23` (String) Custom property 23 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property24` (String) Custom property 24 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property25` (String) Custom property 25 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property26` (String) Custom property 26 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property27` (String) Custom property 27 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property28` (String) Custom property 28 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property29` (String) Custom property 29 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property3` (String) Custom property 3 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property30` (String) Custom property 30 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property31` (String) Custom property 31 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property32` (String) Custom property 32 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property33` (String) Custom property 33 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property34` (String) Custom property 34 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property35` (String) Custom property 35 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property36` (String) Custom property 36 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property37` (String) Custom property 37 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property38` (String) Custom property 38 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property39` (String) Custom property 39 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property4` (String) Custom property 4 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property40` (String) Custom property 40 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property5` (String) Custom property 5 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property6` (String) Custom property 6 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property7` (String) Custom property 7 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property8` (String) Custom property 8 associated with the entitlement.
- `custom_property9` (String) Custom property 9 associated with the entitlement.
- `display_name` (String) Display name for the entitlement type
- `enable_entitlement_to_role_sync` (Boolean) Enable entitlement to role sync. Can only be set to true when workflow is also specified.
- `enable_provisioning_priority` (Boolean) Enable provisioning priority.
- `entitlement_description` (String) Description for the entitlement type.
- `exclude_rule_assgn_ents_in_req` (Boolean) Exclude Entitlements Assigned via Rule while Request
- `hierarchy_required` (String) Flag indicating if a hierarchy is required.
- `order_index` (Number) Index to determine the order of processing or display.
- `recon` (Boolean) Recon
- `request_dates_conf_json` (String) Configuration in JSON for handling request dates.
- `request_option` (String) Defines how the entitlement should be presented or requested.
- `required_in_request` (Boolean) Flag indicating if this field is required in the request.
- `required_in_service_request` (Boolean) Flag indicating if this field is required in service request.
- `selected_query_service_account` (String) Query to fetch selected service accounts.
- `show_ent_type_on` (String) Show entitlement type on.
- `start_date_in_revoke_request` (String) Include start date in revoke requests.
- `start_end_date_in_request` (String) Include both start and end dates in the request.
- `workflow` (String) Workflow associated with the entitlement type.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique ID of the entitlement type resource, typically assigned by the API.
