# Resource: Security System

##  Overview

- Automate the creation and management of Security Systems in Saviynt.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Manage security system
resource "saviynt_security_system_resource" "example" {
  systemname   = "SYSTEM_NAME"
  display_name = "DISPLAY_NAME"
}

# Security system resource template
resource "saviynt_security_system_resource" "example1" {
  systemname                            = "SYSTEM_NAME"
  display_name                          = "DISPLAY_NAME"
  hostname                              = "HOST_NAME"
  port                                  = "PORT"
  access_add_workflow                   = "ADD_ACCESS_WORKFLOW"
  access_remove_workflow                = "ACCESS_REMOVE_WORKFLOW"
  add_service_account_workflow          = "ADD_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_WORKFLOW"
  remove_service_account_workflow       = "REMOVE_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_WORKFLOW"
  firefighterid_workflow                = "FIREFIGHTER_ID_WORKFLOW"
  firefighterid_request_access_workflow = "FIREFIGHTER_REQUEST_ACCESS_WORKFLOW"
  policy_rule                           = "POLICY_RULE"
  policy_rule_service_account           = "POLICY_RULE_SERVICE_ACCOUNT"
  recon_application                     = "RECON_APPLICATION"
  instant_provision                     = "INSTANT_PROVISION"
  provisioning_tries                    = "PROVISIONING_TRIES"
  connection_parameters                 = "CONNECTION_PARAMS"
  automated_provisioning                = "AUTOMATED_PROVISIONING"
  use_open_connector                    = "USE_OPEN_CONNECTOR_NAME"
  provisioning_comments                 = "PROVISIONING_COMMENTS"
  proposed_account_owners_workflow      = "PROPOSED_ACCOUNT_WORKFLOW"
  connectionname                        = "CONNECTION_NAME"
  provisioning_connection               = "PROVISIONING_CONNECTION"
  service_desk_connection               = "SERVICE_DEST_CONNECTION"
  inherent_sod_report_fields            = "INHERENT_SOD_REPORT_FIELDS"
  external_risk_connection_json         = "EXTERNAL_RISK_CONNECTION_JSON"
}


# Optional check
check "instance_health" {
  assert {
    condition     = saviynt_security_system_resource.example1.error_code != "1"
    error_message = "The error is: ${saviynt_security_system_resource.example1.msg}"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) Specify a user-friendly display name that is shown on the the user interface.
- `systemname` (String) Name of the security system.

### Optional

- `access_add_workflow` (String) Specify the workflow to be used for approvals for an access request, which can be for an account, entitlements, role, and so on.
- `access_remove_workflow` (String) Specify the workflow to be used when access has to be revoked, which can be for an account, entitlement, or any other de-provisioning task.
- `add_service_account_workflow` (String) Workflow for adding a service account.
- `automated_provisioning` (String) Specify true to enable automated provisioning.
- `connection_parameters` (String) Query to filter the access and display of the endpoint to specific users. If you do not define a query, the endpoint is displayed for all users
- `connectionname` (String) Select the connection name for performing reconciliation of identity objects from third-party application.
- `error_code` (String) An error code where '0' signifies success and '1' signifies an unsuccessful operation.
- `external_risk_connection_json` (String) Contains JSON configuration for external risk connections and is applicable only for a few connections like SAP.
- `firefighterid_request_access_workflow` (String) Firefighter ID Request Access Workflow.
- `firefighterid_workflow` (String) Firefighter ID Workflow.
- `hostname` (String) Security system for which you want to create an endpoint.
- `inherent_sod_report_fields` (List of String) You can use this option used to filter out columns in SOD.
- `instant_provision` (String) Use this flag to prevent users from raising duplicate requests for the same applications.
- `msg` (String) A message indicating the outcome of the operation.
- `policy_rule` (String) Use this setting to assign the password policy for the security system.
- `policy_rule_service_account` (String) Use this setting to assign the password policy which will be used to set the service account passwords for the security system.
- `port` (String) Description for the endpoint.
- `proposed_account_owners_workflow` (String) Query to filter the access and display of the endpoint to specific users. If you do not define a query, the endpoint is displayed for all users
- `provisioning_comments` (String) Specify relevant comments for performing provisioning.
- `provisioning_connection` (String) You can use a separate connection to an endpoint where you are performing provisioning or deprovisioning. Based on your requirement, you can specify a separate connection where you want to perform provisioning and de-provisioning.
- `provisioning_tries` (String) Specify the number of tries to be used for performing provisioning / de-provisioning to the third-party application. You can specify provisioningTries between 1 to 20 based on your requirement.
- `recon_application` (String) Specify true to import data from the endpoint associated to the security system.
- `remove_service_account_workflow` (String) Workflow for removing a service account.
- `result` (String) The result of the API call.
- `service_desk_connection` (String) Specify the Service Desk Connection used for integration with a ticketing system, which can be a disconnected system too.
- `use_open_connector` (String) Specify true to enable the connectivity with any system over the open-source connectors such as REST.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique ID of the resource.
